[AGM-1665] Payment options updated (#246)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/license/payment-options.md

## How to purchase a license{#purchase}

> AdGuard license can be bought on [adguard.com](https://adguard.com/license.html). We offer various payment options, including Visa, MasterCard, ApplePay, GooglePay, PayPal, AliPay, and UnionPay. We also accept the following cryptocurrencies: BitCoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Tether. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AdGuard license can be bought on [adguard.com](https://adguard.com/license.html). We offer various payment options, including Visa, Mastercard, Apple Pay, Google Pay, PayPal, Alipay, and UnionPay. We also accept the following cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and Tether. 
```
